Better mojo installation (#92)
mulesoft/docs-mule-sdk: modules/ROOT/pages/rest-sdk/project-setup.adoc

A _mojo_ is a Maven plain Old Java Object.
Each mojo is an executable goal in Maven, and a _plugin_ is a distribution of one or more related mojos.

If you have access to the Mulesoft's repositories, Maven automatically downloads the plugin when you try to use it.

=== Get access to the Mulesoft's Maven Repository

Mulesoft repositories are public, you only need to configure Maven to access them.

. Access the settings.xml Maven configuration file. +
For Mac or Linux: `Mac/Linux: ~/.m2/settings.xml` +
For Windows: `C:\Users\<UserName>\.m2\settings.xml`

> . Add a new plugin repository to your profile. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In `settings.xml`,  add a new plugin repository to the `<profile>` section. For example: +
```

> . Add a new plugin repository to your profile. For example: +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In `settings.xml`, add a new plugin repository to the `<profile>` section. For example: +
```

[source,xml]
----
    <profiles>
        <profile>
            <id>default-profile</id>
            <activation>
                <activeByDefault>true</activeByDefault>
            </activation>

            <pluginRepositories>
                <pluginRepository>
                    <id>mulesoft-releases</id>
                    <name>Mule Releases Repository</name>
                    <url>https://repository.mulesoft.org/nexus/content/repositories/releases/</url>
                </pluginRepository>
            </pluginRepositories>

        </profile>
    </profiles>

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
. Save your changes.
```

A _mojo_ is a Maven plain Old Java Object.
Each mojo is an executable goal in Maven, and a _plugin_ is a distribution of one or more related mojos.

If you have access to the Mulesoft's repositories, Maven automatically downloads the plugin when you try to use it.

=== Get access to the Mulesoft's Maven Repository

Mulesoft repositories are public, you only need to configure Maven to access them.

. Access the settings.xml Maven configuration file. +
For Mac or Linux: `Mac/Linux: ~/.m2/settings.xml` +
For Windows: `C:\Users\<UserName>\.m2\settings.xml`

> . Add a new plugin repository to your profile. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a new plugin repository to your profile. For example: +
```

[source,xml]
----
    <profiles>
        <profile>
            <id>default-profile</id>
            <activation>
                <activeByDefault>true</activeByDefault>
            </activation>

            <pluginRepositories>
                <pluginRepository>
                    <id>mulesoft-releases</id>
                    <name>Mule Releases Repository</name>
                    <url>https://repository.mulesoft.org/nexus/content/repositories/releases/</url>
                </pluginRepository>
            </pluginRepositories>

        </profile>
    </profiles>
----

> <1> The plugin repository you need to add to the settings.xml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <1> The plugin repository you need to add to the settings.xml file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A _mojo_ is a Maven plain Old Java Object.
Each mojo is an executable goal in Maven, and a _plugin_ is a distribution of one or more related mojos.

If you have access to the Mulesoft's repositories, Maven automatically downloads the plugin when you try to use it.

> === Get access to the Mulesoft's Maven Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Get Access to Mulesoft's Maven Repository
```

> Mulesoft repositories are public, you only need to configure Maven to access them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mulesoft repositories are public. However, you must to configure Maven to access them.
```

> You can find the settings.xml Maven configuration file in the following locations:
> ....
> Mac/Linux: ~/.m2/settings.xml
> ....
> ....
> Windows: C:\Users\<UserName>\.m2\settings.xml
> ....
> 
> There, you will need to add a new plugin repository to your profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Access the settings.xml Maven configuration file. +
For Mac or Linux: `Mac/Linux: ~/.m2/settings.xml` +
For Windows: `C:\Users\<UserName>\.m2\settings.xml`
. Add a new plugin repository to your profile. +
```

> 
> [source,xml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,xml]
```

----
    <profiles>
        <profile>
            <id>default-profile</id>
            <activation>
                <activeByDefault>true</activeByDefault>
            </activation>

            <pluginRepositories>
                <pluginRepository>
                    <id>mulesoft-releases</id>
                    <name>Mule Releases Repository</name>
                    <url>https://repository.mulesoft.org/nexus/content/repositories/releases/</url>
                </pluginRepository>
            </pluginRepositories>

        </profile>
    </profiles>
----
<1> The plugin repository you need to add to the settings.xml file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Once you have done this, you are ready to use Rest SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use Rest SDK.
```
